ABOUT US

Welcome to Quantum Web Cafe, the UK's longest running Internet Cafe and Games Zone

We've been around a very long time! The Reading cafe opened in 1999, although our Guildford branch opened a few years previously in 1996, just as the internet was getting started in the main stream. We sold our Guildford store some years ago but the new owners closed it down in 2013, so this store is now the longest surviving 'proper' internet cafe and games zone in the country. 

We're also a bit different from any other cafe you may have been to ... 

Apart from always having a clean, bright and professional environment for our customers to work and play, we've always prided ourselves on one thing:

you can use our computers as if they are your own.

But what does that mean exactly? 

Well, when you're using your home PC are there any limitations on what software you want to install? what USB devices or media you want to use? What attachments you want to download? Hell, are there any limitations on what resolution you want to set the monitor to? No? Same with us. If you've used an internet cafe before you'll know these are things you're not usually allowed to do. If you haven't, you might be forgiven for thinking these things should be standard. We agree with you, and at Quantum, it's simply what we do. 

Every PC already has all the full versions of software you'd expect to use everyday, but the cafe is also fully equipped with all sorts of related services that our customers have told us over the years they'd like to see. So, whatever you need, we can usually help. Use the menu on the left to find the information you need. If you're looking for something we haven't included, you can call us using the details on the contact page or contact us here 

We look forward to seeing you in the cafe!





LOCATION

Quantum, Reading, is located in Union Street right in the town centre. It known locally as 'Smelly Alley' as this was traditionally a street used for butchery and fishmongery, a small part of which still remains. Quantum is the longest running internet cafe and games zone in the UK! 

Address: Quantum Web Cafe, 7 Union Street, Reading, Berkshire, RG1 1EU
By car: park in Garrard Street (sat nav postcode: RG1 1NR) or Chatham Place car park (known a 'Q-Park', sat nav postcode RG1 7DS) 
By train: Arrive Reading Station, cross the main road at crossing heading into town, follow to crossroads with traffic lights, turn right into Friar Street and then after about 100 yards turn left into Union Street. Approx 5 mins walk. For step by step instructions with photos from the station, click here

Useful Information

Phone Number: 0118 9572937
Manager: Jason Deane

Languages Spoken here:
For French, ask for Jason
For Russian, Polish, Bulgarian, ask for George

For our latest TRIPADVISOR reviews, please click here
For a complete list of services and prices, click here