Home

---- Banner ---

All things gaming ….

We love games, we really do. In fact it was one of the main reasons we opened an internet café back in 1996!
 Remember Quake, Doom and Wolfenstein? We loved and played ‘em all, and we still get as excited now about new games as we did when we were kids, 
even though we’re now very old. Well, in our thirties. Oh alright then, forties. 

Things have moved on somewhat since then of course, with new hardware and smart guys with big foreheads 
writing clever code that gives physics engines to die for and immersion sound systems to add real depth. 
All very lovely, and nothing beats that feeling of getting a headshot from an impossible distance when your mate is least expecting it.


---- Text under images under the banner -----

1. Special Offers

These come along from time to time, and sometimes we stay open late for, well, the hell of it really. We usually post the details of special offers on our Facebook page, 
and if you’re a gamer, it’s a good idea to join us to take advantage. Even more so when you consider that sometimes offers are ONLY made to Facebook fans!


2. Booking a LAN Party 

There's no doubt that our favourite thing to do is host a party! Whether it's a children's birthday party, a stag do, or an event of your own design, we have hosted literally hundreds over the last couple of decades.

It doesn't matter if you're complete newbies or utter experts, all can play at the same time, in the same game and make as much noise as you want!

Simply click on the category of LAN party you'd like to organize for more information or contact us if you have something a little different in mind!

3. The Discount Card

These can be purchased either at the beginning of your session, or at the end retrospectively if you find you've been longer than you think!

4. Food and Drink 

We are famous for our coffee, having found a little known and traditional importer at the turn of the century who we've been with ever since. 
In 2011, 2012, 2015 and 2016 we were finalists in the Retail Awards 'Best Coffee Shop In Reading' Category, coming second overall. But in September 2014 we actually won it! You can see the award in the cafe or just look at the photos on Facebook here.